---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "components-v1_component_list Data Source - components-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# components-v1_component_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ComponentSpec defines the desired state of Component (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ComponentStatus defines the observed state of Component (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `node` (String) TopologyNode this Component resides on.
Indicates the operation in which to apply the configuration
- `slot` (String) Slot this Component resides in, unset for Components that do not have a slot or ID.
- `type` (String) Type of Component.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The administrative status of this Component.
- `last_change` (String) The date and time this Component last changed operational state
- `manufactured_date` (String) The date this Component was manufactured
- `operational_state` (String) Indicates the current operational state of this Component.
- `part_number` (String) The discovered part number of this Component
- `serial_number` (String) The discovered serial number of this Component
- `type` (String) Component type, as provided by the node.
